(Works excellently)

For the food, I'd recommend the burgers.  The burgers were surprisingly good for a pub.  Even the fries that came with the burger were delicious.

———

Womp womp. No surprise, come for the drinks and not the food. Or if you get food, get the apps and not the entrees! 

Came for an after work hh/drinks/dinner situation + watch the warriors. This spot was PACKED for a Thursday night at 6pm. Initially planned to get an app and drinks, but got hungry and moved onto the entrees. 

As other reviewers have notated, this is the spot to be for events like St Paddy's day and sporting watch parties...seemed about right. They've got the massive bars in the back and TVs a plenty! 

The calamari app was good for what it was. The salmon platter entree I got was pretty bad. Salmon was over cooked. Sadness. The veggies were steamed cauliflower and broccoli. Nothing special. 

3 stars for the drinks, TVs and vibes only!

————

(Works well!)

Pretty cool place

Has the pub feeling for sure.
Staff was friendly. 

Food has been just average the times I have been here.
Prices are on the high side.  I frequent many similar place so I know the SF bar prices pretty well, not outrageous just a bit high for the area.

———————

Even though drinks are a little pricey. The staff are great at what they do, and there are some good pub food if you don't want to enjoy your happy hour with just drinks. RE gets busier as it approaches later in the weekdays and weekend. But definitely a great option to take a load off after work.

————————

I love this place. Great food and staff. I just started a new job right down the street and this is where I was at when I first got the call when they hired me so it holds a special place in my heart. Steak sammiches here are awesome. Matter of fact, I'm about to head over right now before I leave town for the weekend. Haha.

————————-

(Works well)

Atrocious service and food poisoning. It would take 30 minutes or more to get drinks after ordering. All the server would say is "I am doing things in order. You need to wait your turn". Seriously? I also got food poisoning from the chicken wings. Awful place. There are much better choices very close by.
